- [Instructor] Now let us create the ReportProcessor class.
This is going to be a callable implementation,
which is going to define the job of the task.
The job of the task is to call the Dao,
get the transaction information for every bank account,
and then save that to a file.
So let's go back to the IDE,
and under the runables, I'm going to create that task.
So let's call it ReportsProcessor.
And that's going to implement callable.
You could have also chosen runable, no problem with that.
Let's make this this return a Boolean value.
And of course, you have to implement the call method.
Let's get rid of the default implementation.
So this is how it is going to be for every bank account.
We are going to dedicate one instance
of this ReportProcessor task, right?
So if you want to generate a report for one bank account,
you are going to have one task of ReportProcessor submitted.
That's how this is going to work.
So on line number 16, I'm going to tie up
this ReportsProcessor with a bank account instance,
go BankAccount, right?
And we're also going to take an instance of the Dao.
We need the Dao to get the transaction for this account,
so I'm going to take that instance as well.
The moment we do this, let's also make sure
that we write a constructor
where these variables are initialized.
Great!
Next is, we have to define a logic
inside the call method,
which is going to make sure that the Dao is called
for transaction information
and that information is saved, written out to a file.
So let's go ahead and start doing that.
Let's first take a list of bank account transaction.
That's the one.
Let's say transactions equal to let's take the Dao
and say get transactions for account.
And we can pass the account object.
The instance is already tied up to the processor
so that instance has a value.
Once we say this, we have to make sure
that we create a file
where the transaction information needs to be written.
Now this file has to be unique for every bank account.
So I'm going to create a file object like this,
and I will say file equal to new file,
and this demands a path name.
Now the reports that are getting generated,
I am going to generate them on the d-drive of this machine.
You're free to pick up any drive, any folder of your choice.
There's no hard and fast rule absolutely.
I want to save the reports basically
to some folder on my drive, right?
So any drive, any folder.
So I'm going to choose the d-drive,
and say I want a full local report.
And to this, I am going to append the account number.
So how do I get the account number?
I have to just access the account object
and get the account number,
like that.
And then to this I will append
underscore, TX, underscore,
report.txt.
So that's the file that I want to create per bank account.
I'm gonna say while the reports to the d-drive
under the reports folder,
I want to uniquely identify the file for every account,
so I'm going to append the account number
and then suffix this label to it.
Okay, so once this file is created
let's go ahead and iterate this list
that we have retrieved from the Dao.
So for every bank account transaction
in transactions, what are we going to do?
We are going to use a try with resources statement.
So let's go ahead and say try and what are
we going to do inside?
Buffered writer this time, because we want to write.
Take a variable, say equal to new buffered writer
and to this, of course, you will have
to pass the new file writer object.
So we want to say new file writer, right?
And that object that you were passing
to file writer is, of course, the file object
that we've already created on line number 36.
Let's put the braces
and what are we going to do inside?
We're going to say writer.write.
Okay, we'll have a label
for every and the actual value.
Okay, so let's start off with let's say account number
and then append to it the account number
from the transaction object.
Similarly we're gonna say writer.write
let's say you have the transaction type
and append the transaction type to it.
Then writer.write we say transaction ID.
The labels could be of your choice.
No rule there.
Transaction.getTxid.
This one.
Next is writer.write, what else do we have?
Yeah, the amount.
So let's also take the transaction.getAmount getter
and make sure that the value is written out.
And once it's done, I think we're left with the date.
Okay, so writer.write and let's say txDate
and say transaction.getTxDate.
Let's put the label accordingly.
Okay.
And we also want to make sure
that if there are multiple transactions
as a part of this list, then we need a new line
after writing out one transaction record.
So I'm also gonna do writer.write newLine.
That's the method.
Yeah, newLine that's the method.
And after this, I'm gonna say flush,
so that the date is definitely written out to that file.
Okay, now the call method of the callable interface
always true the exception,
which is why it did not give me
those red compilation errors for the IO exceptions.
Okay, that's exactly why I'm not getting errors
and that's exactly why I've not returned a dry cash block
because it is declared in the truth clause.
Okay, now the last thing we have to do is,
we'll go on line number 34 and declare a Boolean
label, say a report generator, set it default initially,
however, when you are done after generating the report
just have to set that variable to true
and then return it out of this method, that's all.
Okay, so we've created a file for every bank account
with the naming convention,
saving it to the d-drive report folder,
and we've returned out all the data of the transaction,
and flushed it.
So once this is done, we're actually done
with the entire method.
So there's one error that we're getting.
Let's check what that is.
Yeah, so the return statement,
basically, has to be here.
Okay so the ReportProcessor is completed.
Next step will be to create next Boolean,
but that we'll see in the next video.